[pkg/ottl] Update set function to pass nil directly to targets (#49741)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/documentation.md

| `ottl.PanicDuplicateName` | beta | When enabled, the CreateFactoryMap panics if the name is duplicated. | v0.141.0 | N/A | [Link](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/pull/44630) |
| `ottl.contexts.enableOTelColContext` | beta | Enable the `otelcol` context for OTTL. This allows users using `otelcol.*` paths in their OTTL statements and conditions. | v0.147.0 | N/A | [Link](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/issues/46437) |
| `ottl.functions.enableLambda` | alpha | Allow OTTL functions to take lambda arguments. When disabled, lambda arguments are rejected. | v0.155.0 | N/A | [Link](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/pull/48227) |

> | `ottl.set.allowNil` | alpha | When enabled, the set function passes nil values directly to the target. | v0.157.0 | N/A | [Link](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/issues/48714) |

Reviewer: Maybe adding the PR link would make more sense?

```suggestion
| `ottl.set.allowNil` | alpha | When enabled, the set function passes nil values directly to the target. | v0.157.0 | N/A | [Link](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/pull/49741) |
```
